## Deep Learning and Research
I spent my summer working out of [daniel bourke's intro to pytorch](https://www.learnpytorch.io/). It was my first real interaction with Deep learning and machine learning generally. Once the course shifted to training and getting results from a neural network, I was hooked. before the summer I didn't really know what field of CS I wanted to pursue. Now I can confidently say I want to be a machine/deep learning engineer.

## What I am doing about it

Now that I know pytorch, what know. I am kind of playing a game of backwards learning while being tugged forward (see next section). What I mean is that becuase I started my AI adventure with pytorch I have missed out on the beginner machine learning technologies, so I am working through the [Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras & Tensorflow](https://github.com/ageron/handson-ml3?tab=readme-ov-file) online textbook.

## Research

When I mentioned that I am being tugged forward aswell, I meant that I know have a research gig at my college. I am doing audio classification on UAV datasets. This means I am responsible for a research project for year in hopes to publish sometime next year. I feel underqualified (with only 4 months of practical DL experience), but what I lack in experience I make up with tenacity. Hopefully, soon I can share more on my research project.

## Balance

I am also taking normal Comp. Sci. classes alongside my ML/DL journey, so as much as I would like to dive headfirst into the deep end of the machine learning world I also have other classes I am responsible for. Also, I am lifting 5-6 days/week so that eats up some time aswell. needless to say, Time managment is critical. 


## Reading

I ditched Gulag Archipelago, it was too encyclopedic and sad. I am now onto the Norton Anthology of Modern Poetry (Vol.1). It is a total genre change for me; at first I didn't even know how to read the lines, but I find that reading aloud is best practice (and most fun).

> Thanks for reading, to best contact me you can shoot me an email: andberg9@gmail.com
